Formatting images & other changes (#245)
johko/computer-vision-course: chapters/en/Unit 10 - Synthetic Data Creation/blenderProc.mdx

images that closely mimic real-world scenarios. PBR helps in generating synthetic data that looks so real that it can be used
to train computer vision models effectively.

> As already mentioned, there are several 3D rendering engines that you can use for PBR. We are going to focus on Blender because it is open source and there are a lot of resources about Blender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As previously mentioned, there are several 3D rendering engines that you can use for PBR. We are going to focus on Blender because it is open source and there are a lot of resources available about Blender.
```

Reviewer: Couple of nits
